# 1. React Native Checklist

'{% hint style='danger' %} This document refers to deprecated parts of the platform and has been left intact to help customers with legacy integrations. In order to access the latest platform features and documentation, please go to https://docs.sentiance.com. {% endhint %}

Follow the step below to integrate the ReactNative Bridge (SDK).

### 1. Installation

<details>

<summary>1.1 Dependency</summary>

```
npm install --save react-native-sentiance
```

</details>

### 2. iOS Setup

<details>

<summary>2.1 Pod Installation</summary>

Install the iOS SDK

```
cd ios
pod install
```

</details>

<details>

<summary>2.2 Configuration: Background Modes</summary>

Ensure you turn on **Background Modes** and enable **Location updates**

</details>

<details>

<summary><strong>2.2 Configuration: Permissions</strong></summary>

Ensure you include the following permission in _info.plist_

```
NSLocationAlwaysAndWhenInUseUsageDescription
NSMotionUsageDescription (Recommended)
```

</details>

<details>

<summary>2.3 Background Detections</summary>

Include the following line in the `application didFinishLaunchingWithOptions`   method of your _AppDelegate.m_ file

```
[bridge moduleForName:@"RNSentiance"] initializeWithSuccess:nil failure:nil];
```

</details>

### 3. Android Setup

<details>

<summary>3.1 Dependency</summary>

Add the Sentiance repository to your project (top-level) _build.gradle_ file.

```
allprojects {
  repositories {
    ...
    maven {
      url "https://repository.sentiance.com"
    }
  }
}
```

In the _build.gradle_ file of your app module, add the following line to the dependencies section.

```
implementation ('com.sentiance:sdk:4.21.2@aar') { transitive = true }
```

</details>

<details>

<summary>3.2 Notification &#x26; Foreground Service</summary>

Depending on your app's configuration and OS version, the SDK may need to start a foreground service every now and again. You must therefore pass a notification that can be used by the service. In the next section, you'll find a handy notification creation method.

Learn more on how to easily setup a [sample notification](https://docs.sentiance.com/sdk/appendix/android/notification-management)

</details>

### 4. Data Collection & SDK User Creation

In order for the SDK to collect data the application would need to first "create a user" on the SDK. The "createUser" should ideally be called when the user registers, logs in.

<details>

<summary>4.1 createUser</summary>

Invoke the _RNSentiance.createUserExperimental_ method at the moment you are ready to start the data collection. (e.g on user login, on user registration, at a feature, etc)

```swift
await RNSentiance.createUserExperimental({
    credentials: {appId, appSecret},
    linker: async (installId, done) => {
        // perform your user-linking
        ...
    }
})
await RNSentiance.start()
```

</details>

<details>

<summary>4.2 linker</summary>

This method will receive the parameters: `installId, done`

</details>

<details>

<summary>4.3 User linking in your backend</summary>

In the `link` function, at this point, make your backend tell the Sentiance backend the `userId` that should be related to the `installId`

</details>

<details>

<summary>4.3 done()</summary>

Upon your backend successfully performing the user linking execute the&#x20;

```
done()
```

In case your backend was unable to perform the linking execute `done(false)`

</details>

### Verifying the Integration

You can verify the SDK integration by reading the following statuses from the SDK

| RNSentiance.getInitState()             | **INITIALIZED** |
| -------------------------------------- | --------------- |
| RNSentiance.getSdkStatus().startStatus | **STARTED**     |

_Note: If you find the **startStatus** to be **PENDING** it usually implies that the user has not granted **location:always** permission. To know more,_ [_click here_](https://docs.sentiance.com/sdk/api-reference/android/sdkstatus/startstatus)__

You can continue reading through the next sections to get a deeper understanding of the integration and the SDK capabilities.&#x20;
