# 3. User Creation

After initializing the SDK, you must create a Sentiance user in order to activate the various SDK features.

### 1. Obtain an Authentication Code

{% hint style="warning" %}
This step requires server-side development.
{% endhint %}

A Sentiance user must be linked to a user in your system. Therefore, to create a Sentiance user, you first provide a unique user identifier from your system, and in return Sentiance provides a temporary authentication code that is linked to this user. This step happens with a server-to-server communication. You then use this code on the SDK to create the Sentiance user.

Here are the user creation steps:

1. In your app, when decided to create a Sentiance user, contact your backend and request a Sentiance authentication code.
2. On your backend, [create a corresponding request](../../../backend/rest-api/#authentication-code) towards the Sentiance backend, which will include your user identifier. This request is authenticated using a Sentiance API Key (which you can obtain from the Sentiance [Insights Dashboard](https://insights.sentiance.com/)). This key must never be transmitted to your app, which is why this step requires a backend-to-backend interaction.
3. Retrieve the authentication code provided by Sentiance and forward it to your app.
4. In your app, create a Sentiance user using this authentication code.

### 2. Create a Sentiance User

After obtaining the authentication code in the step above, create a user by passing the code to the SDK's _createUser_ method.

```kotlin
val options = UserCreationOptions.Builder(authenticationCode).build()

Sentiance.getInstance(context).createUser(options).addOnCompleteListener { operation ->
    if (operation.isSuccessful) {
        val userInfo = operation.result.userInfo
        Log.d(TAG, "Created a user with ID: ${userInfo.userId}")
    } else {
        val error = operation.error
        Log.e(TAG, "User creation failed with reason ${error.reason.name}. Details: ${error.details}")
    }
}
```

{% hint style="info" %}
The SDK supports the presence of only one Sentiance user on the device at a time. If your app supports multiple users (e.g. via a login flow), you can utilize the SDK's [`reset`](../../api-reference/android/sentiance.md.md#reset) functionality to remove the existing user from the device, before creating a new one.
{% endhint %}

For more information on user creation, check out [this](../../appendix/user-creation.md) page.
